TEXT FOR WEBSITE
ABOUT PAGE
BL-DG
BL-DG is an architectural practice dedicated to the realization of innovative design. Founded by Yueqi ‘Jazzy’ Li in 2011, the practice is flexibly based in Bejing, London, and New Orleans. The name BL-DG stands for both the short for ‘building’ (noun) and ‘build-design’(verbs). The practice deeply believes in the power of the built reality and thus strives to create architecture that is innovative, provocative, and at the same time real.
Recent projects include additions to two weekend houses in Beijing, China, an installation named ‘Danaus’ exhibited at the Tulane School of Architecture, and a proposal for the Warhol Foundation office building in New Orleans.
头足建筑
BL-DG头足建筑是一个致力于创新性设计实践的工作室，由李樾祺在2011年底创立。在21世纪国际化的进程中，头足建筑保持在中国北京、英国伦敦和美国新奥尔良三国三地的灵活存在。“头足”，取自“实践”两字的部首偏旁，代表了工作室对建筑物理性与实践性的信仰；同时从“头”到“足”也代表了工作室对整体、对细节不懈的追求。
头足建筑的近期项目包括两个即将完工的京郊别墅改造，一个在美国杜兰大学展览的艺术装置Danaus以及一个为新奥尔良Andy Warhol基金会设计的办公楼方案。积极实践的同时，头足建筑也在对中国当代城市化进程和高密度住宅解决方案进行深入研究。
Yueqi Li
李樾祺
Yueqi 'Jazzy' Li studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London and Tulane University in New Orleans, where he received the distinguished Dean’s Honor Scholarship and won numerous honors, awards, and competitions. Li has worked at EXH Design, a Swiss-Chinese firm in Shanghai and Solid Objectives - Idenburg Liu (SO-IL) in New York, where he led the Flockr Pavilion project to completion in September 2010. Li founded his own studio BL-DG in December 2011.
李樾祺就读于英国建筑联盟学院（AA）和美国杜兰大学(Tulane University)，在这期间，他不仅是Dean’s Honor全额奖学金的获得者，还在一系列比赛中获得一等奖。李樾祺曾在上海的印西诃（EXH DESIGN）和纽约的SO
IL事务所工作并在2011年底创立头足建筑。
















PROJECT DESCRIPTIONS

DANAUS
Danaus is an installation that explores the classic relationship between form and function through a series of multifaceted transitions of complexity, density, and depth.
Inspired by the work of French artist George Rousse, the design firstly features a red cube made out of thin fragmented pieces in the shape of a hexagon. After entering Richardson Memorial Hall, one is confronted with the complete perspective of the cube right at the door. As one steps in and walks up the stairs in the lobby, the perfect cube reveals itself in the fragmented composition and begins a morphological process towards the floor above. Starting from small 4-sided polygons on the cube, the voids gradually morph into 5 and 6-sided shapes, simultaneously growing in size while diminishing in spacing.  The designers digitally scripted this reciprocal relationship between size and spacing to formulate another level of transition in the visual, namely from the subtractive to the additive, and further articulated it to allow Danaus a function that emerges out of its own form.  
One finally arrives at the end of Danaus and realizes its programmatic use as shelves for school publications, pamphlets, and postcards, which formerly were left flat on the bench by the administrative office. These unique shelves vary widely in size and depth to accommodate different publications and reach 11” at the deepest. The very last one of them is articulated to be a perfect hexagon, referring back to the original cube and completing the morphological cycle. 
Danaus was made out of CNC milled foam panels and achieved its challenging range of depth (1/4” to 11”) through layering and stacking. The project was awarded a Dean’s Grant from Newcomb-Tulane College and received support from the Graduate Student Government at TSA. The official opening of Danaus was held on April 28, 2011 and the installation is on view throughout the summer at the Richardson Memorial Hall at Tulane University. 
Danaus是一个通过一系列复杂性、密度、和深度等方面的数码转换来探索建筑中形式与功能这两者的矛盾关系以及共存可能的艺术装置。
在法国艺术家George Rousse的作品启发下，该设计

Type
Digital Fabrication
Status
Built
Location
New Orleans, LA 
Program
Installation, Pamphlet Shelf
Area
200 sf / 20 m2
Design Team
Yueqi ‘Jazzy’ Li, Kevin Franklin, Andrew Graham, Jade Jiambutr, Rachel Finkelstein, Nick Gervasi, Chris Tellone, Ammar Eloueini 
Foam Supplier
Drew Foam
CNC Milling
Troy Malmstrom, Louisiana Tech University School of Architecture
Painting
Kirkfields Powder Coating Company
Photography
Andrew Graham, Nora Schwaller, Jazzy Li
Budget
$2,500










STRAW-BLURRY FIELDS
Architects’ Week is an annual week long design-build competition at the Tulane School of Architecture. This year’s program calls for an interactive installation that must be designed and built within on week under US$350.<br />
Utilizing more than 17,000 straws, Jazzy Li and Eric Baumgartner led a team of 13 students and strung together a blurry architectural space that engages touch, sound, and sight. Twelve panels form two constantly moving curtain walls and fluidity the space in between. The transparency and lightness of the installation allows itself to play with sun, wind, and light conditions. The ephemeral project does not take any static visual, acoustical, or sensual form. Instead, the dematerialization of straws, characterized by porosity and local interconnectivity, creates what Stan Allen calls - ‘field conditions’ – which are defined not by overarching geometrical schemas but by intricate intervals, repetitions, and seriality.

Type &&
Architects’ Week First Place ##
Status &&
Completed in February 2011 ##
Location &&
New Orleans, USA ##
Program &&
Architectural Installation ##
Area &&
100 sf / 10 m2 ##
Design Partner &&
Eric Baumgartner ##
Photography &&
David Armentor, 
Alexandra Bojarski-Stauffer, 
Jill Stioll ##
Published on Archdaily &&
http://www.archdaily.com/113772/architects-week-tulane-school-of-architecture/ ##












NEW ORLEANS PUBLIC LIBRARY
This is a 53,000 square feet public library located in the heart of the historic French Quarter of new orleans. A place for people to observe, read, and interact, the library is intended to form an open, liberating, and uplifting atmosphere in the middle of the constant huzzling and buzzling of the quarter.
To achieve this, a giant canopy whose pattern is derived from oak tree branches stands on 60-ft tall thin stilts, hovering over the entire site. Any outdoor space below then becomes covered and shaded, the most desirable in a climate like New Orleans’. The four floors are articulated with a 2-foot gap to accentuate the image of floating. Penetrating the canpy, a 3-story tower sits on top of the main library. the tower provides 2 floors of reading space and a penthouse observation room that enjoys panaroma views of the quarter and the city. It is accessible via a separate elevator 24/7.

Type
3rd-year Studio Project
Location
New Orleans, USA
Program
Library, Exhibition, Observation
Area
53,000 sf / 4,900 m2
Professor
Judith Shade Monk









MINIMAL MIRROR
The program of this one-week all-school competition calls for an multi-purpose room to fit on Tulane’s campus. 
The proposal features a sculptural triangle jutting out of the ground and
reflecting its beautiful surroudings. The ‘duck’ invites visitors to descend underground - a space that rarely exists in the area - to experiece the ‘decorated shed.’

It is in the  ‘shed’ that one finds  a space that is both dark and bright, straight and curvy. Here, green roof, ceiling, ground, and landscape all become one integral piece that recaptures the spirit of minimalism.

Type
2010 All School Competition First Place
Location
New Orleans, USA
Program
Multi-purpose Room
Area
850 sf / 78 m2






STERN REDESIGN

Percival Stern is the home of the laboratory sciences at Tulane University. It was built in 1971 by Curtis and Davis and Thompson B. Burk and Associates. Students and faculty using the building nowadays often compalin about the fully enclosed hallways and the monotonous circulation and thus call for the reskinning  of its facade.
This proposal of the new facade focuses on the idea of logistics and connectivity. Pushing the existing dark hallways out to the perimeter of the building,
the design brightens up the entire mass while enabling
the facade to function as covered outdoor spaces. Further, the campus side of the hallways interweave to create a variety of circulation options, facilitate the flow of people and scientific items.

Type
3rd-year Studio Project
Location
New Orleans, USA
Program
Laboratory, Office
Area
138,600 sf / 12,800 m2
Professor
Judith Shade Monk








WARHOL FOUNDATION OFFICE BUILDING

The project is sited next to the levee wall and railway tracks in the bywater neighborhood of New Orleans. Originally filled with industrious warehouses and factories, this up-and-coming neighborhood is becoming increasingly popular among artists and hipsters while still maintaining the rough industrial feeling. The design of the Warhol Foundation Office very much respects the site and intends to echo the overal rough atmosphere of the neighborhood while promoting high art in the area. Deeply rooted in Warhol’s own legacy - connecting high and low culture - the design aims to create a landmark that gives back to the city.

The existing sloped site is manipulated and landscaped to become an undulating surface of green space, accessible to the public. Tucked underneath this surface is an array of programs of a public nature: gallery, restaurant, cafe, and parking. Together these two levels extend the function of a planned park nearby and offers a direct connection between the private office and the general public through additional outdoor programs such as an observation deck, a picnic forest, and an amphitheatre.

The sculpted green roof also influences the building mass atop where the form appears to be tilting as the ground plane is lifted up on one side. The leaning facades that face the neighborhood are covered with a sophisticated kinetic system of 6” diameter aluminum rings. This matrix of rings, individually controlled by a rotary actuator, spin with the winds during the day and creates art imagery at night. The scale of the system transforms our generic perception of off-the-shelf aluminum rings and restates Warhol’s mission to connect high and low culture in an architectural way to the neighborhood and the city.

Type
3rd-year Studio Project
Location
New Orleans, LA 
Program
Spec Office, Public Plaza, Auditorium
Area
55,000 sq ft
Professor
Irene Keil
Video
http://vimeo.com/23048614



